hey guys what's up it's been a year when
to the top five goals of the week this
week it's just awesome that's all I can
say so it gets right home with it
remember first we got the biggest pain
w'en and kinda lovely little scoop up
over his head and then just lob it just
floats it over top of the keeper into
the back of the net that's really nice
going there for number five then before
this week we've got Joy's gave me he's
just gonna have a nice little corner and
just absolutely smash it with Vidal
backer than our first time volley great
strike therefore number for number three
days a week got a lovely clip from JJ 66
95 he's gonna start with Danielle was
off in his own half and there a triple
chop you know but it actually nut makes
the player on that third one flip flops
the second guy puts a bit of pace on
nicely roulette pass to go with the side
and tackle another roulette being that
the second guy and then he's going to
absolutely hammer at home with Danny
hours near post top corner beat injera
hot pace what a goal for number three
number two this week we got on with
little FIFA and nothing's really seems
to be going on this clip you know
nothing boo faster just flicks over his
head and just decides I'm smashing this
back in the net and it just hammers in
again beating another joe hart and go
great goal for number two finally the
cleveland top spot this week we got
flipped but and he's going to go one of
the most impressive and just it's got
everything in at this girl and it starts
with a lovely bit of team play so nice
fancy passes pushes it around that
defender no state of three will
therefore do fat Patsy des and it just
gets even better fake rabona nice drag
by fake their controllable nicely McGee
d spin just a body fate the scoop term
away from the player borehole like a
like a rabona a header and they just
smashes it with casana zweig fur as well
just to highlight that just insane go
outside the box had everything in here
that clip and a hundred percent waiver
that number one spot and guys people
send you guys the top five girls the
week seven to balance top five girls on
live but cody okay i can you tell the
email of short description a clip like
rabona to bicycle kick that be
absolutely fantastic and obviously make
sure you include your youtube link in
the email as well so in credit you you
guys for the awesome goals that you
score and any links any quality but
youtube and listed links are preferred
and hast equality laws preferred because
it makes the viewing experience better
for you guys and easier for me to sort
out the clips if they're done on youtube
unlisted but geez guys thanks for
watching and I'll talk to you guys soon
Cheers